apply_on_array.gcno:'add_arrelem' has arcs to entry block
apply_on_array.gcno:'add_arrelem' has arcs from exit block
array_to_str.gcno:'add_arrelem' has arcs to entry block
array_to_str.gcno:'add_arrelem' has arcs from exit block
array_to_str.gcno:'apply_on_array' has arcs to entry block
array_to_str.gcno:'apply_on_array' has arcs from exit block
concat.gcno:'add_arrelem' has arcs to entry block
concat.gcno:'add_arrelem' has arcs from exit block
concat.gcno:'apply_on_array' has arcs to entry block
concat.gcno:'apply_on_array' has arcs from exit block
concat.gcno:'array_to_str' has arcs to entry block
concat.gcno:'array_to_str' has arcs from exit block
count_endflags.gcno:'add_arrelem' has arcs to entry block
count_endflags.gcno:'add_arrelem' has arcs from exit block
count_endflags.gcno:'apply_on_array' has arcs to entry block
count_endflags.gcno:'apply_on_array' has arcs from exit block
count_endflags.gcno:'array_to_str' has arcs to entry block
count_endflags.gcno:'array_to_str' has arcs from exit block
count_endflags.gcno:'concat' has arcs to entry block
count_endflags.gcno:'concat' has arcs from exit block
count_flags.gcno:'add_arrelem' has arcs to entry block
count_flags.gcno:'add_arrelem' has arcs from exit block
count_flags.gcno:'apply_on_array' has arcs to entry block
count_flags.gcno:'apply_on_array' has arcs from exit block
count_flags.gcno:'array_to_str' has arcs to entry block
count_flags.gcno:'array_to_str' has arcs from exit block
count_flags.gcno:'concat' has arcs to entry block
count_flags.gcno:'concat' has arcs from exit block
count_flags.gcno:'count_endflags' has arcs to entry block
count_flags.gcno:'count_endflags' has arcs from exit block
count_words.gcno:'add_arrelem' has arcs to entry block
count_words.gcno:'add_arrelem' has arcs from exit block
count_words.gcno:'apply_on_array' has arcs to entry block
count_words.gcno:'apply_on_array' has arcs from exit block
count_words.gcno:'array_to_str' has arcs to entry block
count_words.gcno:'array_to_str' has arcs from exit block
count_words.gcno:'concat' has arcs to entry block
count_words.gcno:'concat' has arcs from exit block
count_words.gcno:'count_endflags' has arcs to entry block
count_words.gcno:'count_endflags' has arcs from exit block
count_words.gcno:'count_flags' has arcs to entry block
count_words.gcno:'count_flags' has arcs from exit block
disp_env.gcno:'add_arrelem' has arcs to entry block
disp_env.gcno:'add_arrelem' has arcs from exit block
disp_env.gcno:'apply_on_array' has arcs to entry block
disp_env.gcno:'apply_on_array' has arcs from exit block
disp_env.gcno:'array_to_str' has arcs to entry block
disp_env.gcno:'array_to_str' has arcs from exit block
disp_env.gcno:'concat' has arcs to entry block
disp_env.gcno:'concat' has arcs from exit block
disp_env.gcno:'count_endflags' has arcs to entry block
disp_env.gcno:'count_endflags' has arcs from exit block
disp_env.gcno:'count_flags' has arcs to entry block
disp_env.gcno:'count_flags' has arcs from exit block
disp_env.gcno:'count_words' has arcs to entry block
disp_env.gcno:'count_words' has arcs from exit block
free_array.gcno:'add_arrelem' has arcs to entry block
free_array.gcno:'add_arrelem' has arcs from exit block
free_array.gcno:'apply_on_array' has arcs to entry block
free_array.gcno:'apply_on_array' has arcs from exit block
free_array.gcno:'array_to_str' has arcs to entry block
free_array.gcno:'array_to_str' has arcs from exit block
free_array.gcno:'concat' has arcs to entry block
free_array.gcno:'concat' has arcs from exit block
free_array.gcno:'count_endflags' has arcs to entry block
free_array.gcno:'count_endflags' has arcs from exit block
free_array.gcno:'count_flags' has arcs to entry block
free_array.gcno:'count_flags' has arcs from exit block
free_array.gcno:'count_words' has arcs to entry block
free_array.gcno:'count_words' has arcs from exit block
free_array.gcno:'disp_env' has arcs to entry block
free_array.gcno:'disp_env' has arcs from exit block
get_before_to.gcno:'add_arrelem' has arcs to entry block
get_before_to.gcno:'add_arrelem' has arcs from exit block
get_before_to.gcno:'apply_on_array' has arcs to entry block
get_before_to.gcno:'apply_on_array' has arcs from exit block
get_before_to.gcno:'array_to_str' has arcs to entry block
get_before_to.gcno:'array_to_str' has arcs from exit block
get_before_to.gcno:'concat' has arcs to entry block
get_before_to.gcno:'concat' has arcs from exit block
get_before_to.gcno:'count_endflags' has arcs to entry block
get_before_to.gcno:'count_endflags' has arcs from exit block
get_before_to.gcno:'count_flags' has arcs to entry block
get_before_to.gcno:'count_flags' has arcs from exit block
get_before_to.gcno:'count_words' has arcs to entry block
get_before_to.gcno:'count_words' has arcs from exit block
get_before_to.gcno:'disp_env' has arcs to entry block
get_before_to.gcno:'disp_env' has arcs from exit block
get_before_to.gcno:'free_array' has arcs to entry block
get_before_to.gcno:'free_array' has arcs from exit block
get_next_to.gcno:'add_arrelem' has arcs to entry block
get_next_to.gcno:'add_arrelem' has arcs from exit block
get_next_to.gcno:'apply_on_array' has arcs to entry block
get_next_to.gcno:'apply_on_array' has arcs from exit block
get_next_to.gcno:'array_to_str' has arcs to entry block
get_next_to.gcno:'array_to_str' has arcs from exit block
get_next_to.gcno:'concat' has arcs to entry block
get_next_to.gcno:'concat' has arcs from exit block
get_next_to.gcno:'count_endflags' has arcs to entry block
get_next_to.gcno:'count_endflags' has arcs from exit block
get_next_to.gcno:'count_flags' has arcs to entry block
get_next_to.gcno:'count_flags' has arcs from exit block
get_next_to.gcno:'count_words' has arcs to entry block
get_next_to.gcno:'count_words' has arcs from exit block
get_next_to.gcno:'disp_env' has arcs to entry block
get_next_to.gcno:'disp_env' has arcs from exit block
get_next_to.gcno:'free_array' has arcs to entry block
get_next_to.gcno:'free_array' has arcs from exit block
get_next_to.gcno:'get_before_to' has arcs to entry block
get_next_to.gcno:'get_before_to' has arcs from exit block
get_next_to.gcno:'count_to_word' has arcs to entry block
get_next_to.gcno:'count_to_word' has arcs from exit block
get_next_word.gcno:'add_arrelem' has arcs to entry block
get_next_word.gcno:'add_arrelem' has arcs from exit block
get_next_word.gcno:'apply_on_array' has arcs to entry block
get_next_word.gcno:'apply_on_array' has arcs from exit block
get_next_word.gcno:'array_to_str' has arcs to entry block
get_next_word.gcno:'array_to_str' has arcs from exit block
get_next_word.gcno:'concat' has arcs to entry block
get_next_word.gcno:'concat' has arcs from exit block
get_next_word.gcno:'count_endflags' has arcs to entry block
get_next_word.gcno:'count_endflags' has arcs from exit block
get_next_word.gcno:'count_flags' has arcs to entry block
get_next_word.gcno:'count_flags' has arcs from exit block
get_next_word.gcno:'count_words' has arcs to entry block
get_next_word.gcno:'count_words' has arcs from exit block
get_next_word.gcno:'disp_env' has arcs to entry block
get_next_word.gcno:'disp_env' has arcs from exit block
get_next_word.gcno:'free_array' has arcs to entry block
get_next_word.gcno:'free_array' has arcs from exit block
get_next_word.gcno:'get_before_to' has arcs to entry block
get_next_word.gcno:'get_before_to' has arcs from exit block
get_next_word.gcno:'count_to_word' has arcs to entry block
get_next_word.gcno:'count_to_word' has arcs from exit block
get_next_word.gcno:'get_next_to' has arcs to entry block
get_next_word.gcno:'get_next_to' has arcs from exit block
is_char_in_str.gcno:'add_arrelem' has arcs to entry block
is_char_in_str.gcno:'add_arrelem' has arcs from exit block
is_char_in_str.gcno:'apply_on_array' has arcs to entry block
is_char_in_str.gcno:'apply_on_array' has arcs from exit block
is_char_in_str.gcno:'array_to_str' has arcs to entry block
is_char_in_str.gcno:'array_to_str' has arcs from exit block
is_char_in_str.gcno:'concat' has arcs to entry block
is_char_in_str.gcno:'concat' has arcs from exit block
is_char_in_str.gcno:'count_endflags' has arcs to entry block
is_char_in_str.gcno:'count_endflags' has arcs from exit block
is_char_in_str.gcno:'count_flags' has arcs to entry block
is_char_in_str.gcno:'count_flags' has arcs from exit block
is_char_in_str.gcno:'count_words' has arcs to entry block
is_char_in_str.gcno:'count_words' has arcs from exit block
is_char_in_str.gcno:'disp_env' has arcs to entry block
is_char_in_str.gcno:'disp_env' has arcs from exit block
is_char_in_str.gcno:'free_array' has arcs to entry block
is_char_in_str.gcno:'free_array' has arcs from exit block
is_char_in_str.gcno:'get_before_to' has arcs to entry block
is_char_in_str.gcno:'get_before_to' has arcs from exit block
is_char_in_str.gcno:'count_to_word' has arcs to entry block
is_char_in_str.gcno:'count_to_word' has arcs from exit block
is_char_in_str.gcno:'get_next_to' has arcs to entry block
is_char_in_str.gcno:'get_next_to' has arcs from exit block
is_char_in_str.gcno:'get_next_word' has arcs to entry block
is_char_in_str.gcno:'get_next_word' has arcs from exit block
len_to_flags.gcno:'add_arrelem' has arcs to entry block
len_to_flags.gcno:'add_arrelem' has arcs from exit block
len_to_flags.gcno:'apply_on_array' has arcs to entry block
len_to_flags.gcno:'apply_on_array' has arcs from exit block
len_to_flags.gcno:'array_to_str' has arcs to entry block
len_to_flags.gcno:'array_to_str' has arcs from exit block
len_to_flags.gcno:'concat' has arcs to entry block
len_to_flags.gcno:'concat' has arcs from exit block
len_to_flags.gcno:'count_endflags' has arcs to entry block
len_to_flags.gcno:'count_endflags' has arcs from exit block
len_to_flags.gcno:'count_flags' has arcs to entry block
len_to_flags.gcno:'count_flags' has arcs from exit block
len_to_flags.gcno:'count_words' has arcs to entry block
len_to_flags.gcno:'count_words' has arcs from exit block
len_to_flags.gcno:'disp_env' has arcs to entry block
len_to_flags.gcno:'disp_env' has arcs from exit block
len_to_flags.gcno:'free_array' has arcs to entry block
len_to_flags.gcno:'free_array' has arcs from exit block
len_to_flags.gcno:'get_before_to' has arcs to entry block
len_to_flags.gcno:'get_before_to' has arcs from exit block
len_to_flags.gcno:'count_to_word' has arcs to entry block
len_to_flags.gcno:'count_to_word' has arcs from exit block
len_to_flags.gcno:'get_next_to' has arcs to entry block
len_to_flags.gcno:'get_next_to' has arcs from exit block
len_to_flags.gcno:'get_next_word' has arcs to entry block
len_to_flags.gcno:'get_next_word' has arcs from exit block
len_to_flags.gcno:'is_char_in_str' has arcs to entry block
len_to_flags.gcno:'is_char_in_str' has arcs from exit block
my_arrcpy.gcno:'add_arrelem' has arcs to entry block
my_arrcpy.gcno:'add_arrelem' has arcs from exit block
my_arrcpy.gcno:'apply_on_array' has arcs to entry block
my_arrcpy.gcno:'apply_on_array' has arcs from exit block
my_arrcpy.gcno:'array_to_str' has arcs to entry block
my_arrcpy.gcno:'array_to_str' has arcs from exit block
my_arrcpy.gcno:'concat' has arcs to entry block
my_arrcpy.gcno:'concat' has arcs from exit block
my_arrcpy.gcno:'count_endflags' has arcs to entry block
my_arrcpy.gcno:'count_endflags' has arcs from exit block
my_arrcpy.gcno:'count_flags' has arcs to entry block
my_arrcpy.gcno:'count_flags' has arcs from exit block
my_arrcpy.gcno:'count_words' has arcs to entry block
my_arrcpy.gcno:'count_words' has arcs from exit block
my_arrcpy.gcno:'disp_env' has arcs to entry block
my_arrcpy.gcno:'disp_env' has arcs from exit block
my_arrcpy.gcno:'free_array' has arcs to entry block
my_arrcpy.gcno:'free_array' has arcs from exit block
my_arrcpy.gcno:'get_before_to' has arcs to entry block
my_arrcpy.gcno:'get_before_to' has arcs from exit block
my_arrcpy.gcno:'count_to_word' has arcs to entry block
my_arrcpy.gcno:'count_to_word' has arcs from exit block
my_arrcpy.gcno:'get_next_to' has arcs to entry block
my_arrcpy.gcno:'get_next_to' has arcs from exit block
my_arrcpy.gcno:'get_next_word' has arcs to entry block
my_arrcpy.gcno:'get_next_word' has arcs from exit block
my_arrcpy.gcno:'is_char_in_str' has arcs to entry block
my_arrcpy.gcno:'is_char_in_str' has arcs from exit block
my_arrcpy.gcno:'len_to_flags' has arcs to entry block
my_arrcpy.gcno:'len_to_flags' has arcs from exit block
my_arrdup.gcno:'add_arrelem' has arcs to entry block
my_arrdup.gcno:'add_arrelem' has arcs from exit block
my_arrdup.gcno:'apply_on_array' has arcs to entry block
my_arrdup.gcno:'apply_on_array' has arcs from exit block
my_arrdup.gcno:'array_to_str' has arcs to entry block
my_arrdup.gcno:'array_to_str' has arcs from exit block
my_arrdup.gcno:'concat' has arcs to entry block
my_arrdup.gcno:'concat' has arcs from exit block
my_arrdup.gcno:'count_endflags' has arcs to entry block
my_arrdup.gcno:'count_endflags' has arcs from exit block
my_arrdup.gcno:'count_flags' has arcs to entry block
my_arrdup.gcno:'count_flags' has arcs from exit block
my_arrdup.gcno:'count_words' has arcs to entry block
my_arrdup.gcno:'count_words' has arcs from exit block
my_arrdup.gcno:'disp_env' has arcs to entry block
my_arrdup.gcno:'disp_env' has arcs from exit block
my_arrdup.gcno:'free_array' has arcs to entry block
my_arrdup.gcno:'free_array' has arcs from exit block
my_arrdup.gcno:'get_before_to' has arcs to entry block
my_arrdup.gcno:'get_before_to' has arcs from exit block
my_arrdup.gcno:'count_to_word' has arcs to entry block
my_arrdup.gcno:'count_to_word' has arcs from exit block
my_arrdup.gcno:'get_next_to' has arcs to entry block
my_arrdup.gcno:'get_next_to' has arcs from exit block
my_arrdup.gcno:'get_next_word' has arcs to entry block
my_arrdup.gcno:'get_next_word' has arcs from exit block
my_arrdup.gcno:'is_char_in_str' has arcs to entry block
my_arrdup.gcno:'is_char_in_str' has arcs from exit block
my_arrdup.gcno:'len_to_flags' has arcs to entry block
my_arrdup.gcno:'len_to_flags' has arcs from exit block
my_arrdup.gcno:'my_arrcpy' has arcs to entry block
my_arrdup.gcno:'my_arrcpy' has arcs from exit block
my_arrlen.gcno:'add_arrelem' has arcs to entry block
my_arrlen.gcno:'add_arrelem' has arcs from exit block
my_arrlen.gcno:'apply_on_array' has arcs to entry block
my_arrlen.gcno:'apply_on_array' has arcs from exit block
my_arrlen.gcno:'array_to_str' has arcs to entry block
my_arrlen.gcno:'array_to_str' has arcs from exit block
my_arrlen.gcno:'concat' has arcs to entry block
my_arrlen.gcno:'concat' has arcs from exit block
my_arrlen.gcno:'count_endflags' has arcs to entry block
my_arrlen.gcno:'count_endflags' has arcs from exit block
my_arrlen.gcno:'count_flags' has arcs to entry block
my_arrlen.gcno:'count_flags' has arcs from exit block
my_arrlen.gcno:'count_words' has arcs to entry block
my_arrlen.gcno:'count_words' has arcs from exit block
my_arrlen.gcno:'disp_env' has arcs to entry block
my_arrlen.gcno:'disp_env' has arcs from exit block
my_arrlen.gcno:'free_array' has arcs to entry block
my_arrlen.gcno:'free_array' has arcs from exit block
my_arrlen.gcno:'get_before_to' has arcs to entry block
my_arrlen.gcno:'get_before_to' has arcs from exit block
my_arrlen.gcno:'count_to_word' has arcs to entry block
my_arrlen.gcno:'count_to_word' has arcs from exit block
my_arrlen.gcno:'get_next_to' has arcs to entry block
my_arrlen.gcno:'get_next_to' has arcs from exit block
my_arrlen.gcno:'get_next_word' has arcs to entry block
my_arrlen.gcno:'get_next_word' has arcs from exit block
my_arrlen.gcno:'is_char_in_str' has arcs to entry block
my_arrlen.gcno:'is_char_in_str' has arcs from exit block
my_arrlen.gcno:'len_to_flags' has arcs to entry block
my_arrlen.gcno:'len_to_flags' has arcs from exit block
my_arrlen.gcno:'my_arrcpy' has arcs to entry block
my_arrlen.gcno:'my_arrcpy' has arcs from exit block
my_arrlen.gcno:'my_arrdup' has arcs to entry block
my_arrlen.gcno:'my_arrdup' has arcs from exit block
my_fdcpy.gcno:'add_arrelem' has arcs to entry block
my_fdcpy.gcno:'add_arrelem' has arcs from exit block
my_fdcpy.gcno:'apply_on_array' has arcs to entry block
my_fdcpy.gcno:'apply_on_array' has arcs from exit block
my_fdcpy.gcno:'array_to_str' has arcs to entry block
my_fdcpy.gcno:'array_to_str' has arcs from exit block
my_fdcpy.gcno:'concat' has arcs to entry block
my_fdcpy.gcno:'concat' has arcs from exit block
my_fdcpy.gcno:'count_endflags' has arcs to entry block
my_fdcpy.gcno:'count_endflags' has arcs from exit block
my_fdcpy.gcno:'count_flags' has arcs to entry block
my_fdcpy.gcno:'count_flags' has arcs from exit block
my_fdcpy.gcno:'count_words' has arcs to entry block
my_fdcpy.gcno:'count_words' has arcs from exit block
my_fdcpy.gcno:'disp_env' has arcs to entry block
my_fdcpy.gcno:'disp_env' has arcs from exit block
my_fdcpy.gcno:'free_array' has arcs to entry block
my_fdcpy.gcno:'free_array' has arcs from exit block
my_fdcpy.gcno:'get_before_to' has arcs to entry block
my_fdcpy.gcno:'get_before_to' has arcs from exit block
my_fdcpy.gcno:'count_to_word' has arcs to entry block
my_fdcpy.gcno:'count_to_word' has arcs from exit block
my_fdcpy.gcno:'get_next_to' has arcs to entry block
my_fdcpy.gcno:'get_next_to' has arcs from exit block
my_fdcpy.gcno:'get_next_word' has arcs to entry block
my_fdcpy.gcno:'get_next_word' has arcs from exit block
my_fdcpy.gcno:'is_char_in_str' has arcs to entry block
my_fdcpy.gcno:'is_char_in_str' has arcs from exit block
my_fdcpy.gcno:'len_to_flags' has arcs to entry block
my_fdcpy.gcno:'len_to_flags' has arcs from exit block
my_fdcpy.gcno:'my_arrcpy' has arcs to entry block
my_fdcpy.gcno:'my_arrcpy' has arcs from exit block
my_fdcpy.gcno:'my_arrdup' has arcs to entry block
my_fdcpy.gcno:'my_arrdup' has arcs from exit block
my_fdcpy.gcno:'my_arrlen' has arcs to entry block
my_fdcpy.gcno:'my_arrlen' has arcs from exit block
my_itoa.gcno:'add_arrelem' has arcs to entry block
my_itoa.gcno:'add_arrelem' has arcs from exit block
my_itoa.gcno:'apply_on_array' has arcs to entry block
my_itoa.gcno:'apply_on_array' has arcs from exit block
my_itoa.gcno:'array_to_str' has arcs to entry block
my_itoa.gcno:'array_to_str' has arcs from exit block
my_itoa.gcno:'concat' has arcs to entry block
my_itoa.gcno:'concat' has arcs from exit block
my_itoa.gcno:'count_endflags' has arcs to entry block
my_itoa.gcno:'count_endflags' has arcs from exit block
my_itoa.gcno:'count_flags' has arcs to entry block
my_itoa.gcno:'count_flags' has arcs from exit block
my_itoa.gcno:'count_words' has arcs to entry block
my_itoa.gcno:'count_words' has arcs from exit block
my_itoa.gcno:'disp_env' has arcs to entry block
my_itoa.gcno:'disp_env' has arcs from exit block
my_itoa.gcno:'free_array' has arcs to entry block
my_itoa.gcno:'free_array' has arcs from exit block
my_itoa.gcno:'get_before_to' has arcs to entry block
my_itoa.gcno:'get_before_to' has arcs from exit block
my_itoa.gcno:'count_to_word' has arcs to entry block
my_itoa.gcno:'count_to_word' has arcs from exit block
my_itoa.gcno:'get_next_to' has arcs to entry block
my_itoa.gcno:'get_next_to' has arcs from exit block
my_itoa.gcno:'get_next_word' has arcs to entry block
my_itoa.gcno:'get_next_word' has arcs from exit block
my_itoa.gcno:'is_char_in_str' has arcs to entry block
my_itoa.gcno:'is_char_in_str' has arcs from exit block
my_itoa.gcno:'len_to_flags' has arcs to entry block
my_itoa.gcno:'len_to_flags' has arcs from exit block
my_itoa.gcno:'my_arrcpy' has arcs to entry block
my_itoa.gcno:'my_arrcpy' has arcs from exit block
my_itoa.gcno:'my_arrdup' has arcs to entry block
my_itoa.gcno:'my_arrdup' has arcs from exit block
my_itoa.gcno:'my_arrlen' has arcs to entry block
my_itoa.gcno:'my_arrlen' has arcs from exit block
my_itoa.gcno:'my_fdcpy' has arcs to entry block
my_itoa.gcno:'my_fdcpy' has arcs from exit block
my_putnbr_base.gcno:'add_arrelem' has arcs to entry block
my_putnbr_base.gcno:'add_arrelem' has arcs from exit block
my_putnbr_base.gcno:'apply_on_array' has arcs to entry block
my_putnbr_base.gcno:'apply_on_array' has arcs from exit block
my_putnbr_base.gcno:'array_to_str' has arcs to entry block
my_putnbr_base.gcno:'array_to_str' has arcs from exit block
my_putnbr_base.gcno:'concat' has arcs to entry block
my_putnbr_base.gcno:'concat' has arcs from exit block
my_putnbr_base.gcno:'count_endflags' has arcs to entry block
my_putnbr_base.gcno:'count_endflags' has arcs from exit block
my_putnbr_base.gcno:'count_flags' has arcs to entry block
my_putnbr_base.gcno:'count_flags' has arcs from exit block
my_putnbr_base.gcno:'count_words' has arcs to entry block
my_putnbr_base.gcno:'count_words' has arcs from exit block
my_putnbr_base.gcno:'disp_env' has arcs to entry block
my_putnbr_base.gcno:'disp_env' has arcs from exit block
my_putnbr_base.gcno:'free_array' has arcs to entry block
my_putnbr_base.gcno:'free_array' has arcs from exit block
my_putnbr_base.gcno:'get_before_to' has arcs to entry block
my_putnbr_base.gcno:'get_before_to' has arcs from exit block
my_putnbr_base.gcno:'count_to_word' has arcs to entry block
my_putnbr_base.gcno:'count_to_word' has arcs from exit block
my_putnbr_base.gcno:'get_next_to' has arcs to entry block
my_putnbr_base.gcno:'get_next_to' has arcs from exit block
my_putnbr_base.gcno:'get_next_word' has arcs to entry block
my_putnbr_base.gcno:'get_next_word' has arcs from exit block
my_putnbr_base.gcno:'is_char_in_str' has arcs to entry block
my_putnbr_base.gcno:'is_char_in_str' has arcs from exit block
my_putnbr_base.gcno:'len_to_flags' has arcs to entry block
my_putnbr_base.gcno:'len_to_flags' has arcs from exit block
my_putnbr_base.gcno:'my_arrcpy' has arcs to entry block
my_putnbr_base.gcno:'my_arrcpy' has arcs from exit block
my_putnbr_base.gcno:'my_arrdup' has arcs to entry block
my_putnbr_base.gcno:'my_arrdup' has arcs from exit block
my_putnbr_base.gcno:'my_arrlen' has arcs to entry block
my_putnbr_base.gcno:'my_arrlen' has arcs from exit block
my_putnbr_base.gcno:'my_fdcpy' has arcs to entry block
my_putnbr_base.gcno:'my_fdcpy' has arcs from exit block
my_putnbr_base.gcno:'my_itoa' has arcs to entry block
my_putnbr_base.gcno:'my_itoa' has arcs from exit block
my_putnbr_base.gcno:'nb_len' has arcs to entry block
my_putnbr_base.gcno:'nb_len' has arcs from exit block
my_strip.gcno:'add_arrelem' has arcs to entry block
my_strip.gcno:'add_arrelem' has arcs from exit block
my_strip.gcno:'apply_on_array' has arcs to entry block
my_strip.gcno:'apply_on_array' has arcs from exit block
my_strip.gcno:'array_to_str' has arcs to entry block
my_strip.gcno:'array_to_str' has arcs from exit block
my_strip.gcno:'concat' has arcs to entry block
my_strip.gcno:'concat' has arcs from exit block
my_strip.gcno:'count_endflags' has arcs to entry block
my_strip.gcno:'count_endflags' has arcs from exit block
my_strip.gcno:'count_flags' has arcs to entry block
my_strip.gcno:'count_flags' has arcs from exit block
my_strip.gcno:'count_words' has arcs to entry block
my_strip.gcno:'count_words' has arcs from exit block
my_strip.gcno:'disp_env' has arcs to entry block
my_strip.gcno:'disp_env' has arcs from exit block
my_strip.gcno:'free_array' has arcs to entry block
my_strip.gcno:'free_array' has arcs from exit block
my_strip.gcno:'get_before_to' has arcs to entry block
my_strip.gcno:'get_before_to' has arcs from exit block
my_strip.gcno:'count_to_word' has arcs to entry block
my_strip.gcno:'count_to_word' has arcs from exit block
my_strip.gcno:'get_next_to' has arcs to entry block
my_strip.gcno:'get_next_to' has arcs from exit block
my_strip.gcno:'get_next_word' has arcs to entry block
my_strip.gcno:'get_next_word' has arcs from exit block
my_strip.gcno:'is_char_in_str' has arcs to entry block
my_strip.gcno:'is_char_in_str' has arcs from exit block
my_strip.gcno:'len_to_flags' has arcs to entry block
my_strip.gcno:'len_to_flags' has arcs from exit block
my_strip.gcno:'my_arrcpy' has arcs to entry block
my_strip.gcno:'my_arrcpy' has arcs from exit block
my_strip.gcno:'my_arrdup' has arcs to entry block
my_strip.gcno:'my_arrdup' has arcs from exit block
my_strip.gcno:'my_arrlen' has arcs to entry block
my_strip.gcno:'my_arrlen' has arcs from exit block
my_strip.gcno:'my_fdcpy' has arcs to entry block
my_strip.gcno:'my_fdcpy' has arcs from exit block
my_strip.gcno:'my_itoa' has arcs to entry block
my_strip.gcno:'my_itoa' has arcs from exit block
my_strip.gcno:'nb_len' has arcs to entry block
my_strip.gcno:'nb_len' has arcs from exit block
my_strip.gcno:'my_putnbr_base' has arcs to entry block
my_strip.gcno:'my_putnbr_base' has arcs from exit block
redirect.gcno:'add_arrelem' has arcs to entry block
redirect.gcno:'add_arrelem' has arcs from exit block
redirect.gcno:'apply_on_array' has arcs to entry block
redirect.gcno:'apply_on_array' has arcs from exit block
redirect.gcno:'array_to_str' has arcs to entry block
redirect.gcno:'array_to_str' has arcs from exit block
redirect.gcno:'concat' has arcs to entry block
redirect.gcno:'concat' has arcs from exit block
redirect.gcno:'count_endflags' has arcs to entry block
redirect.gcno:'count_endflags' has arcs from exit block
redirect.gcno:'count_flags' has arcs to entry block
redirect.gcno:'count_flags' has arcs from exit block
redirect.gcno:'count_words' has arcs to entry block
redirect.gcno:'count_words' has arcs from exit block
redirect.gcno:'disp_env' has arcs to entry block
redirect.gcno:'disp_env' has arcs from exit block
redirect.gcno:'free_array' has arcs to entry block
redirect.gcno:'free_array' has arcs from exit block
redirect.gcno:'get_before_to' has arcs to entry block
redirect.gcno:'get_before_to' has arcs from exit block
redirect.gcno:'count_to_word' has arcs to entry block
redirect.gcno:'count_to_word' has arcs from exit block
redirect.gcno:'get_next_to' has arcs to entry block
redirect.gcno:'get_next_to' has arcs from exit block
redirect.gcno:'get_next_word' has arcs to entry block
redirect.gcno:'get_next_word' has arcs from exit block
redirect.gcno:'is_char_in_str' has arcs to entry block
redirect.gcno:'is_char_in_str' has arcs from exit block
redirect.gcno:'len_to_flags' has arcs to entry block
redirect.gcno:'len_to_flags' has arcs from exit block
redirect.gcno:'my_arrcpy' has arcs to entry block
redirect.gcno:'my_arrcpy' has arcs from exit block
redirect.gcno:'my_arrdup' has arcs to entry block
redirect.gcno:'my_arrdup' has arcs from exit block
redirect.gcno:'my_arrlen' has arcs to entry block
redirect.gcno:'my_arrlen' has arcs from exit block
redirect.gcno:'my_fdcpy' has arcs to entry block
redirect.gcno:'my_fdcpy' has arcs from exit block
redirect.gcno:'my_itoa' has arcs to entry block
redirect.gcno:'my_itoa' has arcs from exit block
redirect.gcno:'nb_len' has arcs to entry block
redirect.gcno:'nb_len' has arcs from exit block
redirect.gcno:'my_putnbr_base' has arcs to entry block
redirect.gcno:'my_putnbr_base' has arcs from exit block
redirect.gcno:'my_strip' has arcs to entry block
redirect.gcno:'my_strip' has arcs from exit block
rm_arrelem.gcno:'add_arrelem' has arcs to entry block
rm_arrelem.gcno:'add_arrelem' has arcs from exit block
rm_arrelem.gcno:'apply_on_array' has arcs to entry block
rm_arrelem.gcno:'apply_on_array' has arcs from exit block
rm_arrelem.gcno:'array_to_str' has arcs to entry block
rm_arrelem.gcno:'array_to_str' has arcs from exit block
rm_arrelem.gcno:'concat' has arcs to entry block
rm_arrelem.gcno:'concat' has arcs from exit block
rm_arrelem.gcno:'count_endflags' has arcs to entry block
rm_arrelem.gcno:'count_endflags' has arcs from exit block
rm_arrelem.gcno:'count_flags' has arcs to entry block
rm_arrelem.gcno:'count_flags' has arcs from exit block
rm_arrelem.gcno:'count_words' has arcs to entry block
rm_arrelem.gcno:'count_words' has arcs from exit block
rm_arrelem.gcno:'disp_env' has arcs to entry block
rm_arrelem.gcno:'disp_env' has arcs from exit block
rm_arrelem.gcno:'free_array' has arcs to entry block
rm_arrelem.gcno:'free_array' has arcs from exit block
rm_arrelem.gcno:'get_before_to' has arcs to entry block
rm_arrelem.gcno:'get_before_to' has arcs from exit block
rm_arrelem.gcno:'count_to_word' has arcs to entry block
rm_arrelem.gcno:'count_to_word' has arcs from exit block
rm_arrelem.gcno:'get_next_to' has arcs to entry block
rm_arrelem.gcno:'get_next_to' has arcs from exit block
rm_arrelem.gcno:'get_next_word' has arcs to entry block
rm_arrelem.gcno:'get_next_word' has arcs from exit block
rm_arrelem.gcno:'is_char_in_str' has arcs to entry block
rm_arrelem.gcno:'is_char_in_str' has arcs from exit block
rm_arrelem.gcno:'len_to_flags' has arcs to entry block
rm_arrelem.gcno:'len_to_flags' has arcs from exit block
rm_arrelem.gcno:'my_arrcpy' has arcs to entry block
rm_arrelem.gcno:'my_arrcpy' has arcs from exit block
rm_arrelem.gcno:'my_arrdup' has arcs to entry block
rm_arrelem.gcno:'my_arrdup' has arcs from exit block
rm_arrelem.gcno:'my_arrlen' has arcs to entry block
rm_arrelem.gcno:'my_arrlen' has arcs from exit block
rm_arrelem.gcno:'my_fdcpy' has arcs to entry block
rm_arrelem.gcno:'my_fdcpy' has arcs from exit block
rm_arrelem.gcno:'my_itoa' has arcs to entry block
rm_arrelem.gcno:'my_itoa' has arcs from exit block
rm_arrelem.gcno:'nb_len' has arcs to entry block
rm_arrelem.gcno:'nb_len' has arcs from exit block
rm_arrelem.gcno:'my_putnbr_base' has arcs to entry block
rm_arrelem.gcno:'my_putnbr_base' has arcs from exit block
rm_arrelem.gcno:'my_strip' has arcs to entry block
rm_arrelem.gcno:'my_strip' has arcs from exit block
rm_arrelem.gcno:'redirect_all_std' has arcs to entry block
rm_arrelem.gcno:'redirect_all_std' has arcs from exit block
split.gcno:'add_arrelem' has arcs to entry block
split.gcno:'add_arrelem' has arcs from exit block
split.gcno:'apply_on_array' has arcs to entry block
split.gcno:'apply_on_array' has arcs from exit block
split.gcno:'array_to_str' has arcs to entry block
split.gcno:'array_to_str' has arcs from exit block
split.gcno:'concat' has arcs to entry block
split.gcno:'concat' has arcs from exit block
split.gcno:'count_endflags' has arcs to entry block
split.gcno:'count_endflags' has arcs from exit block
split.gcno:'count_flags' has arcs to entry block
split.gcno:'count_flags' has arcs from exit block
split.gcno:'count_words' has arcs to entry block
split.gcno:'count_words' has arcs from exit block
split.gcno:'disp_env' has arcs to entry block
split.gcno:'disp_env' has arcs from exit block
split.gcno:'free_array' has arcs to entry block
split.gcno:'free_array' has arcs from exit block
split.gcno:'get_before_to' has arcs to entry block
split.gcno:'get_before_to' has arcs from exit block
split.gcno:'count_to_word' has arcs to entry block
split.gcno:'count_to_word' has arcs from exit block
split.gcno:'get_next_to' has arcs to entry block
split.gcno:'get_next_to' has arcs from exit block
split.gcno:'get_next_word' has arcs to entry block
split.gcno:'get_next_word' has arcs from exit block
split.gcno:'is_char_in_str' has arcs to entry block
split.gcno:'is_char_in_str' has arcs from exit block
split.gcno:'len_to_flags' has arcs to entry block
split.gcno:'len_to_flags' has arcs from exit block
split.gcno:'my_arrcpy' has arcs to entry block
split.gcno:'my_arrcpy' has arcs from exit block
split.gcno:'my_arrdup' has arcs to entry block
split.gcno:'my_arrdup' has arcs from exit block
split.gcno:'my_arrlen' has arcs to entry block
split.gcno:'my_arrlen' has arcs from exit block
split.gcno:'my_fdcpy' has arcs to entry block
split.gcno:'my_fdcpy' has arcs from exit block
split.gcno:'my_itoa' has arcs to entry block
split.gcno:'my_itoa' has arcs from exit block
split.gcno:'nb_len' has arcs to entry block
split.gcno:'nb_len' has arcs from exit block
split.gcno:'my_putnbr_base' has arcs to entry block
split.gcno:'my_putnbr_base' has arcs from exit block
split.gcno:'my_strip' has arcs to entry block
split.gcno:'my_strip' has arcs from exit block
split.gcno:'redirect_all_std' has arcs to entry block
split.gcno:'redirect_all_std' has arcs from exit block
split.gcno:'rm_arrelem' has arcs to entry block
split.gcno:'rm_arrelem' has arcs from exit block
tests_array_to_str.gcno:'add_arrelem' has arcs to entry block
tests_array_to_str.gcno:'add_arrelem' has arcs from exit block
tests_array_to_str.gcno:'apply_on_array' has arcs to entry block
tests_array_to_str.gcno:'apply_on_array' has arcs from exit block
tests_array_to_str.gcno:'array_to_str' has arcs to entry block
tests_array_to_str.gcno:'array_to_str' has arcs from exit block
tests_array_to_str.gcno:'concat' has arcs to entry block
tests_array_to_str.gcno:'concat' has arcs from exit block
tests_array_to_str.gcno:'count_endflags' has arcs to entry block
tests_array_to_str.gcno:'count_endflags' has arcs from exit block
tests_array_to_str.gcno:'count_flags' has arcs to entry block
tests_array_to_str.gcno:'count_flags' has arcs from exit block
tests_array_to_str.gcno:'count_words' has arcs to entry block
tests_array_to_str.gcno:'count_words' has arcs from exit block
tests_array_to_str.gcno:'disp_env' has arcs to entry block
tests_array_to_str.gcno:'disp_env' has arcs from exit block
tests_array_to_str.gcno:'free_array' has arcs to entry block
tests_array_to_str.gcno:'free_array' has arcs from exit block
tests_array_to_str.gcno:'get_before_to' has arcs to entry block
tests_array_to_str.gcno:'get_before_to' has arcs from exit block
tests_array_to_str.gcno:'count_to_word' has arcs to entry block
tests_array_to_str.gcno:'count_to_word' has arcs from exit block
tests_array_to_str.gcno:'get_next_to' has arcs to entry block
tests_array_to_str.gcno:'get_next_to' has arcs from exit block
tests_array_to_str.gcno:'get_next_word' has arcs to entry block
tests_array_to_str.gcno:'get_next_word' has arcs from exit block
tests_array_to_str.gcno:'is_char_in_str' has arcs to entry block
tests_array_to_str.gcno:'is_char_in_str' has arcs from exit block
tests_array_to_str.gcno:'len_to_flags' has arcs to entry block
tests_array_to_str.gcno:'len_to_flags' has arcs from exit block
tests_array_to_str.gcno:'my_arrcpy' has arcs to entry block
tests_array_to_str.gcno:'my_arrcpy' has arcs from exit block
tests_array_to_str.gcno:'my_arrdup' has arcs to entry block
tests_array_to_str.gcno:'my_arrdup' has arcs from exit block
tests_array_to_str.gcno:'my_arrlen' has arcs to entry block
tests_array_to_str.gcno:'my_arrlen' has arcs from exit block
tests_array_to_str.gcno:'my_fdcpy' has arcs to entry block
tests_array_to_str.gcno:'my_fdcpy' has arcs from exit block
tests_array_to_str.gcno:'my_itoa' has arcs to entry block
tests_array_to_str.gcno:'my_itoa' has arcs from exit block
tests_array_to_str.gcno:'nb_len' has arcs to entry block
tests_array_to_str.gcno:'nb_len' has arcs from exit block
tests_array_to_str.gcno:'my_putnbr_base' has arcs to entry block
tests_array_to_str.gcno:'my_putnbr_base' has arcs from exit block
tests_array_to_str.gcno:'my_strip' has arcs to entry block
tests_array_to_str.gcno:'my_strip' has arcs from exit block
tests_array_to_str.gcno:'redirect_all_std' has arcs to entry block
tests_array_to_str.gcno:'redirect_all_std' has arcs from exit block
tests_array_to_str.gcno:'rm_arrelem' has arcs to entry block
tests_array_to_str.gcno:'rm_arrelem' has arcs from exit block
tests_array_to_str.gcno:'split' has arcs to entry block
tests_array_to_str.gcno:'split' has arcs from exit block
tests_base.gcno:'add_arrelem' has arcs to entry block
tests_base.gcno:'add_arrelem' has arcs from exit block
tests_base.gcno:'apply_on_array' has arcs to entry block
tests_base.gcno:'apply_on_array' has arcs from exit block
tests_base.gcno:'array_to_str' has arcs to entry block
tests_base.gcno:'array_to_str' has arcs from exit block
tests_base.gcno:'concat' has arcs to entry block
tests_base.gcno:'concat' has arcs from exit block
tests_base.gcno:'count_endflags' has arcs to entry block
tests_base.gcno:'count_endflags' has arcs from exit block
tests_base.gcno:'count_flags' has arcs to entry block
tests_base.gcno:'count_flags' has arcs from exit block
tests_base.gcno:'count_words' has arcs to entry block
tests_base.gcno:'count_words' has arcs from exit block
tests_base.gcno:'disp_env' has arcs to entry block
tests_base.gcno:'disp_env' has arcs from exit block
tests_base.gcno:'free_array' has arcs to entry block
tests_base.gcno:'free_array' has arcs from exit block
tests_base.gcno:'get_before_to' has arcs to entry block
tests_base.gcno:'get_before_to' has arcs from exit block
tests_base.gcno:'count_to_word' has arcs to entry block
tests_base.gcno:'count_to_word' has arcs from exit block
tests_base.gcno:'get_next_to' has arcs to entry block
tests_base.gcno:'get_next_to' has arcs from exit block
tests_base.gcno:'get_next_word' has arcs to entry block
tests_base.gcno:'get_next_word' has arcs from exit block
tests_base.gcno:'is_char_in_str' has arcs to entry block
tests_base.gcno:'is_char_in_str' has arcs from exit block
tests_base.gcno:'len_to_flags' has arcs to entry block
tests_base.gcno:'len_to_flags' has arcs from exit block
tests_base.gcno:'my_arrcpy' has arcs to entry block
tests_base.gcno:'my_arrcpy' has arcs from exit block
tests_base.gcno:'my_arrdup' has arcs to entry block
tests_base.gcno:'my_arrdup' has arcs from exit block
tests_base.gcno:'my_arrlen' has arcs to entry block
tests_base.gcno:'my_arrlen' has arcs from exit block
tests_base.gcno:'my_fdcpy' has arcs to entry block
tests_base.gcno:'my_fdcpy' has arcs from exit block
tests_base.gcno:'my_itoa' has arcs to entry block
tests_base.gcno:'my_itoa' has arcs from exit block
tests_base.gcno:'nb_len' has arcs to entry block
tests_base.gcno:'nb_len' has arcs from exit block
tests_base.gcno:'my_putnbr_base' has arcs to entry block
tests_base.gcno:'my_putnbr_base' has arcs from exit block
tests_base.gcno:'my_strip' has arcs to entry block
tests_base.gcno:'my_strip' has arcs from exit block
tests_base.gcno:'redirect_all_std' has arcs to entry block
tests_base.gcno:'redirect_all_std' has arcs from exit block
tests_base.gcno:'rm_arrelem' has arcs to entry block
tests_base.gcno:'rm_arrelem' has arcs from exit block
tests_base.gcno:'split' has arcs to entry block
tests_base.gcno:'split' has arcs from exit block
tests_base.gcno:'array_to_str_null_test_impl' has arcs to entry block
tests_base.gcno:'array_to_str_null_test_impl' has arcs from exit block
tests_base.gcno:'array_to_str_null_test_jmp' has arcs to entry block
tests_base.gcno:'array_to_str_null_test_jmp' has arcs from exit block
tests_base.gcno:'array_to_str_simple_test_impl' has arcs to entry block
tests_base.gcno:'array_to_str_simple_test_impl' has arcs from exit block
tests_base.gcno:'array_to_str_simple_test_jmp' has arcs to entry block
tests_base.gcno:'array_to_str_simple_test_jmp' has arcs from exit block
tests_get_before_to.gcno:'add_arrelem' has arcs to entry block
tests_get_before_to.gcno:'add_arrelem' has arcs from exit block
tests_get_before_to.gcno:'apply_on_array' has arcs to entry block
tests_get_before_to.gcno:'apply_on_array' has arcs from exit block
tests_get_before_to.gcno:'array_to_str' has arcs to entry block
tests_get_before_to.gcno:'array_to_str' has arcs from exit block
tests_get_before_to.gcno:'concat' has arcs to entry block
tests_get_before_to.gcno:'concat' has arcs from exit block
tests_get_before_to.gcno:'count_endflags' has arcs to entry block
tests_get_before_to.gcno:'count_endflags' has arcs from exit block
tests_get_before_to.gcno:'count_flags' has arcs to entry block
tests_get_before_to.gcno:'count_flags' has arcs from exit block
tests_get_before_to.gcno:'count_words' has arcs to entry block
tests_get_before_to.gcno:'count_words' has arcs from exit block
tests_get_before_to.gcno:'disp_env' has arcs to entry block
tests_get_before_to.gcno:'disp_env' has arcs from exit block
tests_get_before_to.gcno:'free_array' has arcs to entry block
tests_get_before_to.gcno:'free_array' has arcs from exit block
tests_get_before_to.gcno:'get_before_to' has arcs to entry block
tests_get_before_to.gcno:'get_before_to' has arcs from exit block
tests_get_before_to.gcno:'count_to_word' has arcs to entry block
tests_get_before_to.gcno:'count_to_word' has arcs from exit block
tests_get_before_to.gcno:'get_next_to' has arcs to entry block
tests_get_before_to.gcno:'get_next_to' has arcs from exit block
tests_get_before_to.gcno:'get_next_word' has arcs to entry block
tests_get_before_to.gcno:'get_next_word' has arcs from exit block
tests_get_before_to.gcno:'is_char_in_str' has arcs to entry block
tests_get_before_to.gcno:'is_char_in_str' has arcs from exit block
tests_get_before_to.gcno:'len_to_flags' has arcs to entry block
tests_get_before_to.gcno:'len_to_flags' has arcs from exit block
tests_get_before_to.gcno:'my_arrcpy' has arcs to entry block
tests_get_before_to.gcno:'my_arrcpy' has arcs from exit block
tests_get_before_to.gcno:'my_arrdup' has arcs to entry block
tests_get_before_to.gcno:'my_arrdup' has arcs from exit block
tests_get_before_to.gcno:'my_arrlen' has arcs to entry block
tests_get_before_to.gcno:'my_arrlen' has arcs from exit block
tests_get_before_to.gcno:'my_fdcpy' has arcs to entry block
tests_get_before_to.gcno:'my_fdcpy' has arcs from exit block
tests_get_before_to.gcno:'my_itoa' has arcs to entry block
tests_get_before_to.gcno:'my_itoa' has arcs from exit block
tests_get_before_to.gcno:'nb_len' has arcs to entry block
tests_get_before_to.gcno:'nb_len' has arcs from exit block
tests_get_before_to.gcno:'my_putnbr_base' has arcs to entry block
tests_get_before_to.gcno:'my_putnbr_base' has arcs from exit block
tests_get_before_to.gcno:'my_strip' has arcs to entry block
tests_get_before_to.gcno:'my_strip' has arcs from exit block
tests_get_before_to.gcno:'redirect_all_std' has arcs to entry block
tests_get_before_to.gcno:'redirect_all_std' has arcs from exit block
tests_get_before_to.gcno:'rm_arrelem' has arcs to entry block
tests_get_before_to.gcno:'rm_arrelem' has arcs from exit block
tests_get_before_to.gcno:'split' has arcs to entry block
tests_get_before_to.gcno:'split' has arcs from exit block
tests_get_before_to.gcno:'array_to_str_null_test_impl' has arcs to entry block
tests_get_before_to.gcno:'array_to_str_null_test_impl' has arcs from exit block
tests_get_before_to.gcno:'array_to_str_null_test_jmp' has arcs to entry block
tests_get_before_to.gcno:'array_to_str_null_test_jmp' has arcs from exit block
tests_get_before_to.gcno:'array_to_str_simple_test_impl' has arcs to entry block
tests_get_before_to.gcno:'array_to_str_simple_test_impl' has arcs from exit block
tests_get_before_to.gcno:'array_to_str_simple_test_jmp' has arcs to entry block
tests_get_before_to.gcno:'array_to_str_simple_test_jmp' has arcs from exit block
tests_get_before_to.gcno:'my_putnbr_base_hexa_impl' has arcs to entry block
tests_get_before_to.gcno:'my_putnbr_base_hexa_impl' has arcs from exit block
tests_get_before_to.gcno:'my_putnbr_base_hexa_jmp' has arcs to entry block
tests_get_before_to.gcno:'my_putnbr_base_hexa_jmp' has arcs from exit block
tests_get_before_to.gcno:'my_putnbr_base_octal_impl' has arcs to entry block
tests_get_before_to.gcno:'my_putnbr_base_octal_impl' has arcs from exit block
tests_get_before_to.gcno:'my_putnbr_base_octal_jmp' has arcs to entry block
tests_get_before_to.gcno:'my_putnbr_base_octal_jmp' has arcs from exit block
tests_get_before_to.gcno:'my_putnbr_base_binary_impl' has arcs to entry block
tests_get_before_to.gcno:'my_putnbr_base_binary_impl' has arcs from exit block
tests_get_before_to.gcno:'my_putnbr_base_binary_jmp' has arcs to entry block
tests_get_before_to.gcno:'my_putnbr_base_binary_jmp' has arcs from exit block
tests_get_next_to.gcno:'add_arrelem' has arcs to entry block
tests_get_next_to.gcno:'add_arrelem' has arcs from exit block
tests_get_next_to.gcno:'apply_on_array' has arcs to entry block
tests_get_next_to.gcno:'apply_on_array' has arcs from exit block
tests_get_next_to.gcno:'array_to_str' has arcs to entry block
tests_get_next_to.gcno:'array_to_str' has arcs from exit block
tests_get_next_to.gcno:'concat' has arcs to entry block
tests_get_next_to.gcno:'concat' has arcs from exit block
tests_get_next_to.gcno:'count_endflags' has arcs to entry block
tests_get_next_to.gcno:'count_endflags' has arcs from exit block
tests_get_next_to.gcno:'count_flags' has arcs to entry block
tests_get_next_to.gcno:'count_flags' has arcs from exit block
tests_get_next_to.gcno:'count_words' has arcs to entry block
tests_get_next_to.gcno:'count_words' has arcs from exit block
tests_get_next_to.gcno:'disp_env' has arcs to entry block
tests_get_next_to.gcno:'disp_env' has arcs from exit block
tests_get_next_to.gcno:'free_array' has arcs to entry block
tests_get_next_to.gcno:'free_array' has arcs from exit block
tests_get_next_to.gcno:'get_before_to' has arcs to entry block
tests_get_next_to.gcno:'get_before_to' has arcs from exit block
tests_get_next_to.gcno:'count_to_word' has arcs to entry block
tests_get_next_to.gcno:'count_to_word' has arcs from exit block
tests_get_next_to.gcno:'get_next_to' has arcs to entry block
tests_get_next_to.gcno:'get_next_to' has arcs from exit block
tests_get_next_to.gcno:'get_next_word' has arcs to entry block
tests_get_next_to.gcno:'get_next_word' has arcs from exit block
tests_get_next_to.gcno:'is_char_in_str' has arcs to entry block
tests_get_next_to.gcno:'is_char_in_str' has arcs from exit block
tests_get_next_to.gcno:'len_to_flags' has arcs to entry block
tests_get_next_to.gcno:'len_to_flags' has arcs from exit block
tests_get_next_to.gcno:'my_arrcpy' has arcs to entry block
tests_get_next_to.gcno:'my_arrcpy' has arcs from exit block
tests_get_next_to.gcno:'my_arrdup' has arcs to entry block
tests_get_next_to.gcno:'my_arrdup' has arcs from exit block
tests_get_next_to.gcno:'my_arrlen' has arcs to entry block
tests_get_next_to.gcno:'my_arrlen' has arcs from exit block
tests_get_next_to.gcno:'my_fdcpy' has arcs to entry block
tests_get_next_to.gcno:'my_fdcpy' has arcs from exit block
tests_get_next_to.gcno:'my_itoa' has arcs to entry block
tests_get_next_to.gcno:'my_itoa' has arcs from exit block
tests_get_next_to.gcno:'nb_len' has arcs to entry block
tests_get_next_to.gcno:'nb_len' has arcs from exit block
tests_get_next_to.gcno:'my_putnbr_base' has arcs to entry block
tests_get_next_to.gcno:'my_putnbr_base' has arcs from exit block
tests_get_next_to.gcno:'my_strip' has arcs to entry block
tests_get_next_to.gcno:'my_strip' has arcs from exit block
tests_get_next_to.gcno:'redirect_all_std' has arcs to entry block
tests_get_next_to.gcno:'redirect_all_std' has arcs from exit block
tests_get_next_to.gcno:'rm_arrelem' has arcs to entry block
tests_get_next_to.gcno:'rm_arrelem' has arcs from exit block
tests_get_next_to.gcno:'split' has arcs to entry block
tests_get_next_to.gcno:'split' has arcs from exit block
tests_get_next_to.gcno:'array_to_str_null_test_impl' has arcs to entry block
tests_get_next_to.gcno:'array_to_str_null_test_impl' has arcs from exit block
tests_get_next_to.gcno:'array_to_str_null_test_jmp' has arcs to entry block
tests_get_next_to.gcno:'array_to_str_null_test_jmp' has arcs from exit block
tests_get_next_to.gcno:'array_to_str_simple_test_impl' has arcs to entry block
tests_get_next_to.gcno:'array_to_str_simple_test_impl' has arcs from exit block
tests_get_next_to.gcno:'array_to_str_simple_test_jmp' has arcs to entry block
tests_get_next_to.gcno:'array_to_str_simple_test_jmp' has arcs from exit block
tests_get_next_to.gcno:'my_putnbr_base_hexa_impl' has arcs to entry block
tests_get_next_to.gcno:'my_putnbr_base_hexa_impl' has arcs from exit block
tests_get_next_to.gcno:'my_putnbr_base_hexa_jmp' has arcs to entry block
tests_get_next_to.gcno:'my_putnbr_base_hexa_jmp' has arcs from exit block
tests_get_next_to.gcno:'my_putnbr_base_octal_impl' has arcs to entry block
tests_get_next_to.gcno:'my_putnbr_base_octal_impl' has arcs from exit block
tests_get_next_to.gcno:'my_putnbr_base_octal_jmp' has arcs to entry block
tests_get_next_to.gcno:'my_putnbr_base_octal_jmp' has arcs from exit block
tests_get_next_to.gcno:'my_putnbr_base_binary_impl' has arcs to entry block
tests_get_next_to.gcno:'my_putnbr_base_binary_impl' has arcs from exit block
tests_get_next_to.gcno:'my_putnbr_base_binary_jmp' has arcs to entry block
tests_get_next_to.gcno:'my_putnbr_base_binary_jmp' has arcs from exit block
tests_get_next_to.gcno:'get_to_special_cases_impl' has arcs to entry block
tests_get_next_to.gcno:'get_to_special_cases_impl' has arcs from exit block
tests_get_next_to.gcno:'get_to_special_cases_jmp' has arcs to entry block
tests_get_next_to.gcno:'get_to_special_cases_jmp' has arcs from exit block
tests_get_next_to.gcno:'get_before_to_without_match_impl' has arcs to entry block
tests_get_next_to.gcno:'get_before_to_without_match_impl' has arcs from exit block
tests_get_next_to.gcno:'get_before_to_without_match_jmp' has arcs to entry block
tests_get_next_to.gcno:'get_before_to_without_match_jmp' has arcs from exit block
tests_get_next_to.gcno:'get_before_to_advanced_test_impl' has arcs to entry block
tests_get_next_to.gcno:'get_before_to_advanced_test_impl' has arcs from exit block
tests_get_next_to.gcno:'get_before_to_advanced_test_jmp' has arcs to entry block
tests_get_next_to.gcno:'get_before_to_advanced_test_jmp' has arcs from exit block
tests_get_next_to.gcno:'before_to_simple_test_impl' has arcs to entry block
tests_get_next_to.gcno:'before_to_simple_test_impl' has arcs from exit block
tests_get_next_to.gcno:'before_to_simple_test_jmp' has arcs to entry block
tests_get_next_to.gcno:'before_to_simple_test_jmp' has arcs from exit block
tests_split.gcno:'add_arrelem' has arcs to entry block
tests_split.gcno:'add_arrelem' has arcs from exit block
tests_split.gcno:'apply_on_array' has arcs to entry block
tests_split.gcno:'apply_on_array' has arcs from exit block
tests_split.gcno:'array_to_str' has arcs to entry block
tests_split.gcno:'array_to_str' has arcs from exit block
tests_split.gcno:'concat' has arcs to entry block
tests_split.gcno:'concat' has arcs from exit block
tests_split.gcno:'count_endflags' has arcs to entry block
tests_split.gcno:'count_endflags' has arcs from exit block
tests_split.gcno:'count_flags' has arcs to entry block
tests_split.gcno:'count_flags' has arcs from exit block
tests_split.gcno:'count_words' has arcs to entry block
tests_split.gcno:'count_words' has arcs from exit block
tests_split.gcno:'disp_env' has arcs to entry block
tests_split.gcno:'disp_env' has arcs from exit block
tests_split.gcno:'free_array' has arcs to entry block
tests_split.gcno:'free_array' has arcs from exit block
tests_split.gcno:'get_before_to' has arcs to entry block
tests_split.gcno:'get_before_to' has arcs from exit block
tests_split.gcno:'count_to_word' has arcs to entry block
tests_split.gcno:'count_to_word' has arcs from exit block
tests_split.gcno:'get_next_to' has arcs to entry block
tests_split.gcno:'get_next_to' has arcs from exit block
tests_split.gcno:'get_next_word' has arcs to entry block
tests_split.gcno:'get_next_word' has arcs from exit block
tests_split.gcno:'is_char_in_str' has arcs to entry block
tests_split.gcno:'is_char_in_str' has arcs from exit block
tests_split.gcno:'len_to_flags' has arcs to entry block
tests_split.gcno:'len_to_flags' has arcs from exit block
tests_split.gcno:'my_arrcpy' has arcs to entry block
tests_split.gcno:'my_arrcpy' has arcs from exit block
tests_split.gcno:'my_arrdup' has arcs to entry block
tests_split.gcno:'my_arrdup' has arcs from exit block
tests_split.gcno:'my_arrlen' has arcs to entry block
tests_split.gcno:'my_arrlen' has arcs from exit block
tests_split.gcno:'my_fdcpy' has arcs to entry block
tests_split.gcno:'my_fdcpy' has arcs from exit block
tests_split.gcno:'my_itoa' has arcs to entry block
tests_split.gcno:'my_itoa' has arcs from exit block
tests_split.gcno:'nb_len' has arcs to entry block
tests_split.gcno:'nb_len' has arcs from exit block
tests_split.gcno:'my_putnbr_base' has arcs to entry block
tests_split.gcno:'my_putnbr_base' has arcs from exit block
tests_split.gcno:'my_strip' has arcs to entry block
tests_split.gcno:'my_strip' has arcs from exit block
tests_split.gcno:'redirect_all_std' has arcs to entry block
tests_split.gcno:'redirect_all_std' has arcs from exit block
tests_split.gcno:'rm_arrelem' has arcs to entry block
tests_split.gcno:'rm_arrelem' has arcs from exit block
tests_split.gcno:'split' has arcs to entry block
tests_split.gcno:'split' has arcs from exit block
tests_split.gcno:'array_to_str_null_test_impl' has arcs to entry block
tests_split.gcno:'array_to_str_null_test_impl' has arcs from exit block
tests_split.gcno:'array_to_str_null_test_jmp' has arcs to entry block
tests_split.gcno:'array_to_str_null_test_jmp' has arcs from exit block
tests_split.gcno:'array_to_str_simple_test_impl' has arcs to entry block
tests_split.gcno:'array_to_str_simple_test_impl' has arcs from exit block
tests_split.gcno:'array_to_str_simple_test_jmp' has arcs to entry block
tests_split.gcno:'array_to_str_simple_test_jmp' has arcs from exit block
tests_split.gcno:'my_putnbr_base_hexa_impl' has arcs to entry block
tests_split.gcno:'my_putnbr_base_hexa_impl' has arcs from exit block
tests_split.gcno:'my_putnbr_base_hexa_jmp' has arcs to entry block
tests_split.gcno:'my_putnbr_base_hexa_jmp' has arcs from exit block
tests_split.gcno:'my_putnbr_base_octal_impl' has arcs to entry block
tests_split.gcno:'my_putnbr_base_octal_impl' has arcs from exit block
tests_split.gcno:'my_putnbr_base_octal_jmp' has arcs to entry block
tests_split.gcno:'my_putnbr_base_octal_jmp' has arcs from exit block
tests_split.gcno:'my_putnbr_base_binary_impl' has arcs to entry block
tests_split.gcno:'my_putnbr_base_binary_impl' has arcs from exit block
tests_split.gcno:'my_putnbr_base_binary_jmp' has arcs to entry block
tests_split.gcno:'my_putnbr_base_binary_jmp' has arcs from exit block
tests_split.gcno:'get_to_special_cases_impl' has arcs to entry block
tests_split.gcno:'get_to_special_cases_impl' has arcs from exit block
tests_split.gcno:'get_to_special_cases_jmp' has arcs to entry block
tests_split.gcno:'get_to_special_cases_jmp' has arcs from exit block
tests_split.gcno:'get_before_to_without_match_impl' has arcs to entry block
tests_split.gcno:'get_before_to_without_match_impl' has arcs from exit block
tests_split.gcno:'get_before_to_without_match_jmp' has arcs to entry block
tests_split.gcno:'get_before_to_without_match_jmp' has arcs from exit block
tests_split.gcno:'get_before_to_advanced_test_impl' has arcs to entry block
tests_split.gcno:'get_before_to_advanced_test_impl' has arcs from exit block
tests_split.gcno:'get_before_to_advanced_test_jmp' has arcs to entry block
tests_split.gcno:'get_before_to_advanced_test_jmp' has arcs from exit block
tests_split.gcno:'before_to_simple_test_impl' has arcs to entry block
tests_split.gcno:'before_to_simple_test_impl' has arcs from exit block
tests_split.gcno:'before_to_simple_test_jmp' has arcs to entry block
tests_split.gcno:'before_to_simple_test_jmp' has arcs from exit block
tests_split.gcno:'get_next_to_without_match_impl' has arcs to entry block
tests_split.gcno:'get_next_to_without_match_impl' has arcs from exit block
tests_split.gcno:'get_next_to_without_match_jmp' has arcs to entry block
tests_split.gcno:'get_next_to_without_match_jmp' has arcs from exit block
tests_split.gcno:'get_next_to_simple_test_impl' has arcs to entry block
tests_split.gcno:'get_next_to_simple_test_impl' has arcs from exit block
tests_split.gcno:'get_next_to_simple_test_jmp' has arcs to entry block
tests_split.gcno:'get_next_to_simple_test_jmp' has arcs from exit block
write_in_file.gcno:'add_arrelem' has arcs to entry block
write_in_file.gcno:'add_arrelem' has arcs from exit block
write_in_file.gcno:'apply_on_array' has arcs to entry block
write_in_file.gcno:'apply_on_array' has arcs from exit block
write_in_file.gcno:'array_to_str' has arcs to entry block
write_in_file.gcno:'array_to_str' has arcs from exit block
write_in_file.gcno:'concat' has arcs to entry block
write_in_file.gcno:'concat' has arcs from exit block
write_in_file.gcno:'count_endflags' has arcs to entry block
write_in_file.gcno:'count_endflags' has arcs from exit block
write_in_file.gcno:'count_flags' has arcs to entry block
write_in_file.gcno:'count_flags' has arcs from exit block
write_in_file.gcno:'count_words' has arcs to entry block
write_in_file.gcno:'count_words' has arcs from exit block
write_in_file.gcno:'disp_env' has arcs to entry block
write_in_file.gcno:'disp_env' has arcs from exit block
write_in_file.gcno:'free_array' has arcs to entry block
write_in_file.gcno:'free_array' has arcs from exit block
write_in_file.gcno:'get_before_to' has arcs to entry block
write_in_file.gcno:'get_before_to' has arcs from exit block
write_in_file.gcno:'count_to_word' has arcs to entry block
write_in_file.gcno:'count_to_word' has arcs from exit block
write_in_file.gcno:'get_next_to' has arcs to entry block
write_in_file.gcno:'get_next_to' has arcs from exit block
write_in_file.gcno:'get_next_word' has arcs to entry block
write_in_file.gcno:'get_next_word' has arcs from exit block
write_in_file.gcno:'is_char_in_str' has arcs to entry block
write_in_file.gcno:'is_char_in_str' has arcs from exit block
write_in_file.gcno:'len_to_flags' has arcs to entry block
write_in_file.gcno:'len_to_flags' has arcs from exit block
write_in_file.gcno:'my_arrcpy' has arcs to entry block
write_in_file.gcno:'my_arrcpy' has arcs from exit block
write_in_file.gcno:'my_arrdup' has arcs to entry block
write_in_file.gcno:'my_arrdup' has arcs from exit block
write_in_file.gcno:'my_arrlen' has arcs to entry block
write_in_file.gcno:'my_arrlen' has arcs from exit block
write_in_file.gcno:'my_fdcpy' has arcs to entry block
write_in_file.gcno:'my_fdcpy' has arcs from exit block
write_in_file.gcno:'my_itoa' has arcs to entry block
write_in_file.gcno:'my_itoa' has arcs from exit block
write_in_file.gcno:'nb_len' has arcs to entry block
write_in_file.gcno:'nb_len' has arcs from exit block
write_in_file.gcno:'my_putnbr_base' has arcs to entry block
write_in_file.gcno:'my_putnbr_base' has arcs from exit block
write_in_file.gcno:'my_strip' has arcs to entry block
write_in_file.gcno:'my_strip' has arcs from exit block
write_in_file.gcno:'redirect_all_std' has arcs to entry block
write_in_file.gcno:'redirect_all_std' has arcs from exit block
write_in_file.gcno:'rm_arrelem' has arcs to entry block
write_in_file.gcno:'rm_arrelem' has arcs from exit block
write_in_file.gcno:'split' has arcs to entry block
write_in_file.gcno:'split' has arcs from exit block
write_in_file.gcno:'array_to_str_null_test_impl' has arcs to entry block
write_in_file.gcno:'array_to_str_null_test_impl' has arcs from exit block
write_in_file.gcno:'array_to_str_null_test_jmp' has arcs to entry block
write_in_file.gcno:'array_to_str_null_test_jmp' has arcs from exit block
write_in_file.gcno:'array_to_str_simple_test_impl' has arcs to entry block
write_in_file.gcno:'array_to_str_simple_test_impl' has arcs from exit block
write_in_file.gcno:'array_to_str_simple_test_jmp' has arcs to entry block
write_in_file.gcno:'array_to_str_simple_test_jmp' has arcs from exit block
write_in_file.gcno:'my_putnbr_base_hexa_impl' has arcs to entry block
write_in_file.gcno:'my_putnbr_base_hexa_impl' has arcs from exit block
write_in_file.gcno:'my_putnbr_base_hexa_jmp' has arcs to entry block
write_in_file.gcno:'my_putnbr_base_hexa_jmp' has arcs from exit block
write_in_file.gcno:'my_putnbr_base_octal_impl' has arcs to entry block
write_in_file.gcno:'my_putnbr_base_octal_impl' has arcs from exit block
write_in_file.gcno:'my_putnbr_base_octal_jmp' has arcs to entry block
write_in_file.gcno:'my_putnbr_base_octal_jmp' has arcs from exit block
write_in_file.gcno:'my_putnbr_base_binary_impl' has arcs to entry block
write_in_file.gcno:'my_putnbr_base_binary_impl' has arcs from exit block
write_in_file.gcno:'my_putnbr_base_binary_jmp' has arcs to entry block
write_in_file.gcno:'my_putnbr_base_binary_jmp' has arcs from exit block
write_in_file.gcno:'get_to_special_cases_impl' has arcs to entry block
write_in_file.gcno:'get_to_special_cases_impl' has arcs from exit block
write_in_file.gcno:'get_to_special_cases_jmp' has arcs to entry block
write_in_file.gcno:'get_to_special_cases_jmp' has arcs from exit block
write_in_file.gcno:'get_before_to_without_match_impl' has arcs to entry block
write_in_file.gcno:'get_before_to_without_match_impl' has arcs from exit block
write_in_file.gcno:'get_before_to_without_match_jmp' has arcs to entry block
write_in_file.gcno:'get_before_to_without_match_jmp' has arcs from exit block
write_in_file.gcno:'get_before_to_advanced_test_impl' has arcs to entry block
write_in_file.gcno:'get_before_to_advanced_test_impl' has arcs from exit block
write_in_file.gcno:'get_before_to_advanced_test_jmp' has arcs to entry block
write_in_file.gcno:'get_before_to_advanced_test_jmp' has arcs from exit block
write_in_file.gcno:'before_to_simple_test_impl' has arcs to entry block
write_in_file.gcno:'before_to_simple_test_impl' has arcs from exit block
write_in_file.gcno:'before_to_simple_test_jmp' has arcs to entry block
write_in_file.gcno:'before_to_simple_test_jmp' has arcs from exit block
write_in_file.gcno:'get_next_to_without_match_impl' has arcs to entry block
write_in_file.gcno:'get_next_to_without_match_impl' has arcs from exit block
write_in_file.gcno:'get_next_to_without_match_jmp' has arcs to entry block
write_in_file.gcno:'get_next_to_without_match_jmp' has arcs from exit block
write_in_file.gcno:'get_next_to_simple_test_impl' has arcs to entry block
write_in_file.gcno:'get_next_to_simple_test_impl' has arcs from exit block
write_in_file.gcno:'get_next_to_simple_test_jmp' has arcs to entry block
write_in_file.gcno:'get_next_to_simple_test_jmp' has arcs from exit block
write_in_file.gcno:'split_mem_fail_impl' has arcs to entry block
write_in_file.gcno:'split_mem_fail_impl' has arcs from exit block
write_in_file.gcno:'split_mem_fail_jmp' has arcs to entry block
write_in_file.gcno:'split_mem_fail_jmp' has arcs from exit block
write_in_file.gcno:'split_split_impl' has arcs to entry block
write_in_file.gcno:'split_split_impl' has arcs from exit block
write_in_file.gcno:'split_split_jmp' has arcs to entry block
write_in_file.gcno:'split_split_jmp' has arcs from exit block
write_in_file.gcno:'split_count_words_impl' has arcs to entry block
write_in_file.gcno:'split_count_words_impl' has arcs from exit block
write_in_file.gcno:'split_count_words_jmp' has arcs to entry block
write_in_file.gcno:'split_count_words_jmp' has arcs from exit block
write_in_file.gcno:'split_get_next_word_impl' has arcs to entry block
write_in_file.gcno:'split_get_next_word_impl' has arcs from exit block
write_in_file.gcno:'split_get_next_word_jmp' has arcs to entry block
write_in_file.gcno:'split_get_next_word_jmp' has arcs from exit block
Cannot open source file ../string/count_flags.c
Cannot open source file ../string/len_to_flags.c
File '../array/add_arrelem.c'
Lines executed:0.00% of 2
Creating 'add_arrelem.c.gcov'

File '../array/apply_on_array.c'
Lines executed:0.00% of 8
Creating 'apply_on_array.c.gcov'

File '../array/array_to_str.c'
Lines executed:87.50% of 16
Creating 'array_to_str.c.gcov'

File '../string/concat.c'
Lines executed:91.67% of 12
Creating 'concat.c.gcov'

File '../string/count_endflags.c'
Lines executed:0.00% of 8
Creating 'count_endflags.c.gcov'

File '../string/count_flags.c'
Lines executed:100.00% of 5
Creating 'count_flags.c.gcov'

File '../string/count_words.c'
Lines executed:100.00% of 8
Creating 'count_words.c.gcov'

File '../env/disp_env.c'
Lines executed:0.00% of 6
Creating 'disp_env.c.gcov'

File '../array/free_array.c'
Lines executed:0.00% of 7
Creating 'free_array.c.gcov'

File '../string/get_before_to.c'
Lines executed:100.00% of 11
Creating 'get_before_to.c.gcov'

File '../string/get_next_to.c'
Lines executed:100.00% of 8
Creating 'get_next_to.c.gcov'

File '../string/get_next_word.c'
Lines executed:100.00% of 8
Creating 'get_next_word.c.gcov'

File '../string/is_char_in_str.c'
Lines executed:0.00% of 7
Creating 'is_char_in_str.c.gcov'

File '../string/len_to_flags.c'
Lines executed:100.00% of 5
Creating 'len_to_flags.c.gcov'

File '../array/my_arrcpy.c'
Lines executed:0.00% of 7
Creating 'my_arrcpy.c.gcov'

File '../array/my_arrdup.c'
Lines executed:0.00% of 7
Creating 'my_arrdup.c.gcov'

File '../array/my_arrlen.c'
Lines executed:0.00% of 5
Creating 'my_arrlen.c.gcov'

File '../file/my_fdcpy.c'
Lines executed:0.00% of 7
Creating 'my_fdcpy.c.gcov'

File '../string/my_itoa.c'
Lines executed:0.00% of 24
Creating 'my_itoa.c.gcov'

File '../put/my_putnbr_base.c'
Lines executed:100.00% of 10
Creating 'my_putnbr_base.c.gcov'

File '../string/my_strip.c'
Lines executed:0.00% of 10
Creating 'my_strip.c.gcov'

File 'redirect.c'
Lines executed:0.00% of 4
Creating 'redirect.c.gcov'

File '../array/rm_arrelem.c'
Lines executed:0.00% of 8
Creating 'rm_arrelem.c.gcov'

File '../array/split.c'
Lines executed:90.91% of 11
Creating 'split.c.gcov'

File 'tests_array_to_str.c'
Lines executed:100.00% of 10
Creating 'tests_array_to_str.c.gcov'

File 'tests_base.c'
Lines executed:100.00% of 15
Creating 'tests_base.c.gcov'

File 'tests_get_before_to.c'
Lines executed:100.00% of 24
Creating 'tests_get_before_to.c.gcov'

File 'tests_get_next_to.c'
Lines executed:100.00% of 12
Creating 'tests_get_next_to.c.gcov'

File 'tests_split.c'
Lines executed:100.00% of 35
Creating 'tests_split.c.gcov'

File '../file/write_in_file.c'
Lines executed:0.00% of 7
Creating 'write_in_file.c.gcov'

